README.md, before:

# CrossoutLD12
## What is it?
The name is pretty self-explanatory, but here's a full list of the tweaks offered in this small CLI Program:
- DirectX 12 is default, no more DirectX 11
   - Patched by forcing Easy AntiCheat to use the DirectX 12 configuration
- Easy AntiCheat Runtime is forced
   - Simply pass the directory to the runtime directory inside of the configuration JSON and it should work
- Removal of Gaijin and Targem's broken tray and agent applications
   - This is because at times, they may hinder a proper, clean startup from happening.

## But, why DirectX 12? Why's 11 an issue?
11 **isn't** an issue for most people. But if you're experiencing random crashes from **stack smashing detected!**, then this might just help solve those issues.

It might also improve performance, although I haven't done any performance tests to validate/invalidate those claims.

## Requirements
Dependencies listed are from the AUR. If you are on a different distro, you'll have to find/compile them on your own.

- A GPU that supports the descriptors used by Vulkan for translating DirectX 12. See more at [vk3d-proton's GitHub](https://github.com/HansKristian-Work/vkd3d-proton).
   - In general, most (if not all) GPUs should support it, unless you're on some ancient T-Rex GPU.
- A Crossout install already setup
- vkd3d-proton-bin
   - Needed for easy VKD3D
- wine-ge-custom
   - Haven't tested if normal wine works.
   - Alternatively if you don't want to compile it, use ProtonUp and setup so that wine-ge is the default when running the `wine` command, or modify the source.

## Usage
1. Place the executable inside the Crossout game directory, in my case its at `/home/unmapped/.var/app/com.usebottles.bottles/data/bottles/bottles/XO/drive_c/users/unmapped/AppData/Local/Crossout/`
   - Ensure the directory has the files `CrossoutLauncher.exe` and `launcher.exe` in it, alongside with a `EasyAntiCheat` folder.
2. Run `chmod +x crossoutld12`
3. Create a config.json file, look at the example one provided in this repository
4. Tweak the config accordingly. The Easy AntiCheat Runtime path can be found in Steam by searching for Easy AntiCheat, installing, browse files and copying the path
5. Adjust the resolution as Wine likes to be weird and not use a proper resolution for some setups
6. Run `./crossoutld12` and wait for it to launch the launcher, wait for the "Play" button to become available
7. Go to the terminal window where you started the executable, then hit ENTER and wait for it to show a message, indicating that you're ready.
8. Done!

Commit message:

Remove auto-launch logic, only act as a patcher

README.md, after:

# CrossoutLD12
## What is it?
The name is pretty self-explanatory, but here's a full list of the tweaks offered in this small CLI Program:
- DirectX 12 is default, no more DirectX 11
   - Patched by forcing Easy AntiCheat to use the DirectX 12 configuration
- Easy AntiCheat Runtime is forced
   - Simply pass the directory to the runtime directory inside of the configuration JSON and it should work
- Removal of Gaijin and Targem's broken tray and agent applications
   - This is because at times, they may hinder a proper, clean startup from happening.

## But, why DirectX 12? Why's 11 an issue?
11 **isn't** an issue for most people. But if you're experiencing random crashes, then this might just help solve those issues.

It might also improve performance, although I haven't done any performance tests to validate/invalidate those claims.

## Requirements
There are no special requirements, there are also zero dependencies as it's just a simple CLI-Patcher.

The only requirements are:

- A GPU that supports the descriptors used by Vulkan for translating DirectX 12. See more at [vkd3d-proton's GitHub](https://github.com/HansKristian-Work/vkd3d-proton).
   - In general, most (if not all) GPUs should support it, unless you're on some ancient T-Rex GPU.
- A Crossout install already setup
- You to follow the on-screen messages.

## Usage
1. Place the executable inside the Crossout game directory, in my case its at `/home/unmapped/.var/app/com.usebottles.bottles/data/bottles/bottles/XO/drive_c/users/unmapped/AppData/Local/Crossout/`
   - Ensure the directory has the files `CrossoutLauncher.exe` and `launcher.exe` in it, alongside with a `EasyAntiCheat` folder.
2. Run `chmod +x crossoutld12`
3. Open the Crossout Launcher and wait for the "Play" button to become interactive.
4. Run `./crossoutld12` and follow the instructions on-screen.
5. Wait for it to process and you're done, you may now hit "Play" in the launcher!
